###EMF
Important detail to note about order execution with FXCM is the difference between order fill notification and order finished notification.
As an order is filled by a liquidity provider, client will be sent a fill confirmation in the form of an execution report that includes 35=8|39=7|150=F or, in case of a partial fill, 35=8|39=1|150=F. This confirmation is sent as soon as the LP confirms the trade.
After the order is completed and every database operation associated with it is committed, the client will be sent an execution report of order being done. This execution report includes 35=8|39=2|150=F.
Alternatively, if the order was filled only partially before being canceled, the final confirmation will include 35=8|39=4|150=4. You can find the remaining quantity that was not filled in tag 151.
It is important to note, that the final execution report can be sent much later. When looking for fill confirmations, clients can take advantage of faster notifications than before implementing  EMF.
Even if clients are not taking advantage of the EMF execution, they will always be notified of the orders being filled. The only difference would be the delivery delay.

Execution Disclaimer: FXCM aggregates bid and ask prices from a pool of liquidity providers and is the final counterparty when trading forex on FXCM's dealing desk and No Dealing Desk (NDD) execution models. With NDD, FXCM's platforms display the best-available direct bid and ask prices from the liquidity providers. In addition to the spread, the trading cost with NDD is a fixed lot-based commission at the open and close of the trade. While generally NDD accounts offer spreads with no markups, in some circumstances, FXCM may add a markup to NDD spreads. This may occur due to, but not limited to, account type, such as accounts opened through a referring agent. With dealing desk execution, FXCM can act as the dealer on any or all currency pairs. Backup liquidity providers fill in when FXCM does not act as the dealer. FXCM’s dealing desk has fewer liquidity providers than NDD. There are many other factors to consider when choosing an execution model (such as conflict of interest, trading style or strategy). See Execution Risks. Note: Contractual relationships with liquidity providers are consolidated through the FXCM Group, which, in turn, provides technology and pricing to the group affiliate entities.
